Over the last lectures, we learned a lot about caching using service workers and the cache API. The cache
API is awesome for caching assets like script files, CSS files or images.
Now what about dynamic data?
With that, I mean data we get from a server for example. We can also cache this but it's best to not use
the cache API for that but indexedDB.
Now in this module,
I'll explain what this is,
I'll also explain the difference between caching dynamic content and dynamic caching
and by the end of the module, we'll have an application which still works offline providing us access
to the data we've fetched from the server if we do have Internet access.
That's of course a huge improvement because then our application always shows some content even if the
user is not online and if he is online, we'll make sure to prefer data from the server.
Let's dive into that and let's dive into caching dynamic content.